Add need for adapter to server islands guide (#10418)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/on-demand-rendering.mdx

To render any page on demand, you need to add an **adapter**. Each adapter allows Astro to output a script that runs your project on a specific **runtime**: the environment that runs code on the server to generate pages when they are requested (e.g. Netlify, Cloudflare).

> You may also wish to add an adapter even if your site is entirely static and you are not rendering any pages on demand. For example, the [Netlify adapter](/en/guides/integrations-guide/netlify/) enables Netlify's Image CDN, and [server islands](/en/guides/server-islands/) require an adapter to use `server:defer` on a component.

Reviewer: I am not so sure about the wording, at first I got confused because it sounded like the adapter is what needs to use `server:defer` on a component, not that you need an adapter to use server islands. Or it might just be a brain fart on my side, it happens.

Maybe something like this is more clear? 

```suggestion
You may also wish to add an adapter even if your site is entirely static and you are not rendering any pages on demand. For example, the [Netlify adapter](/en/guides/integrations-guide/netlify/) enables Netlify's Image CDN, and to use [server islands](/en/guides/server-islands/) you also require an adapter to allow you to use `server:defer` on components.
```

Author: lol, yours seems more convoluted to me, so we might need an impartial judge here! 💜

Reviewer: yeah, that works for me!
